I guess my question was on the job statement. So the.
The statement. So we're creating aren't like the ones in the in the blog post, or are they like the ones in the blog post?
Okay.
No, you're gonna do actual job statements. I'm gonna show you. We'll walk through the whole thing. That was just an example.
But that being said like that, that is also okay. I wanna I wanna be clear like, we're gonna give you a formula to to follow.
If you find yourself with more clarity, and you think you can craft a statement like what you see there, that's okay, too.
But we just wanna make sure that you've been thorough enough to to make that claim, because a lot of people will take the leap.
Hmm.
And they'll see that article and go. Oh, I already know those.
And then they'll just make up what they think they are.
For the people they've talked to off of their own like.
You know, instincts and and beliefs, and sometimes it can get modeled.
Okay. Great. Thank you.
I'd rather you follow this like formula we're gonna go through and then extract from your clusters and rename them.
After doing the whole exercise, to make sure that you truly understand each cluster. Then, just like jumping straight to that, I'm sure that's what Jason did, too, because he was doing it with Bob, so he wasn't cutting corners either.
Cool. So that was just to show you why we call it. Why, before the Y that's what you guys are gonna do in week. 6. 0, wrong, one.
Back to the slides.
Okay, so what we're asking you guys to share are.
One to 3. I would even go as far to say 2 to 4.
Clusters. Each cluster is gonna have a jobs to be done. Statement that represents that cluster.
So not only do you have a statement for each of your interviews that you guys are hypothesizing right now, based on your debriefs you're going to. I'll show you how. Come up with a job statement for each cluster. And then you're gonna support each one by detailed evidence. So a lot of jobs be done. And this whole synthesis section is not guessing. It's very important that now this becomes almost like a research project.
Where you have detailed evidence for every single.
Supposition you're making.
It's no longer just extracting data from what you hear. And like, you kind of think these are the forces. This is much more. We have a job statement, and we know exactly why that job statement is true for that cluster.
So here's the evidence that I'm calling into question and asking you to provide.
The 4 forces.
This is like a coagulation of the 4 forces for all.
Of the interviews that fall into that cluster. So it's like a summary.
The motivations. Also a summary, functional, social, emotional. And we'll review that today.
Competitors for this specific segment. This is really key.
What is this group currently doing to solve this struggle.
So each cluster usually will have a different thing that they're using. What are they switching from, or to depending on the nature of your job on round. What are the what's the competition? This is not the competition for your business. This is the competitors for this specific segment. So if you're interviewing people who hired.
Blank in the past 3 months. It doesn't have to be.
Your product. It's whatever was in your screening criteria, whatever they hired in your screening. What were they switching from.
And remember that non-consumption is also an answer.
And then quotes, very important to support every proposed job done statement with actual quotes from interviews that support it.
So pull out a few highlights. Go back to your recordings, make sure that you have real solid quotes from the customers.
Okay. So let's review, we're just gonna start from the beginning.
A job statement is is in the following format, when.
I I want to, so I can.
So this is what we're talking about when we're saying one job statement per cluster, it should be in this form. And, like Neil said, you can extract and kind of.
Abstract into other titles of the clusters once you already have this. But this is what you're gonna present.
Remember not to fall into that. I want to have.
X product with X features. What do they actually want? Remember the motivation.
Then you're gonna have the 4 forces. We're gonna review these with the mattress in a second.
And then you're gonna have the social and emotional. The whole purpose of demand side sales is to understand the forces and the energies here so that you can mitigate the negative energies or the negative forces, and then.
Magnify the positive ones which will inherently push someone toward the purchasing moment. If you get rid of all their inhibitions.
So let's review with the mattress interview. I know it's been a couple of weeks, so I'll help you guys. But this is a good exercise to kind of like, warm up our brains, and remember what these things were.
So a push. I'm just gonna go through each of them.
As a full review. So push, if you see the arrow is pushing you toward a new behavior.
Away from the status quo.
A push is usually some sort of pain point. It's something that you need to solve a problem for urgently.
And it's something you can't ignore.
So does anyone remember a push.
For our friend from the mattress. His name, Brian Neil, I believe, is Brian.
Yeah, I don't know if I ever shared the lower there. But the the funny part is that I took Bob to a steak dinner last year.
And I overrode his choice, and I made him go to my favorite spot as opposed to his.
And at the stake dinner, lo and behold!
He hadn't seen this guy for.
Many, many years, the mattress Guy.
Showed up happened to be there, and he joined us for dinner, and we had a great time talking about it. He had no idea that I've been using his interview for all of these trainings and everything. So it was so cool.
Sorry for a little sidebar there, but it was fun.
That's cool.
So what was a push that Brian felt.
He'd spent 2 years being uncomfortable with his old mattress. Would that be.
Yeah. Define uncomfortable. What was he feeling.
Oh, sure did.
Yeah, joint pain, is it?
Yeah. Back. Pain. Yeah.
Yeah. Back pain back? Yeah, that's a huge push. He was in physical pain.
We'll we'll take that one that's really good. So yeah, he also hasn't been able to sleep for 2 years. So both things he's been having pain for 2 years. He hasn't been able to sleep well when he's not on the work trips for 2 years.
Poll. So let's go back to our chart. A poll is like a push where it's Po. It's moving you toward the new behavior. But it's not an urgent pain. Rather, it's an attraction. I call it an allure. I like that. They have the light bulb here the new way, or the idea of the new solution is, what's pulling you. So what about a poll.
Did Brian feel.
When he was traveling.
He was able to. You know, sleep better than you know. Compared to his old.
Home situation realized well, like.
This is what it could have been.
Yes, exactly, or one of Bob's favorite quotes is, contrast creates meaning.
It was in one of Neil's 1st decks.
That is exactly it. So he not only was he suffering at home, he knows what good feels like.
And that new solution. He wants every night to feel like these hotels that's pulling him. He knows what good feels like, and he wants that because he has felt the contrast, I think, without feeling that contrast. He may not have.
Kind of like, tipped the line and went and bought a new mattress. He might have just put up with the status quo, so that poll is really important for this story.
Another poll I highlighted. Here was.
Being able to feel the mattress with his own hands in the store.
My wife was also present, and she gave it the okay.
Habit, so habits are.
Holding you back to the status quo.
I like that. It says the tug of historical allegiance. It's you're stuck in your ways. You don't want to change. Humans are creatures of habit. They don't like changing and if you have enough allegiance to the status quo, then no amount of push or pull is going to move you.
So what's a habit that we overcame to get Brian to purchase a new mattress.
Did you say like the.
Okay. He might have put us like laziness because they had a new baby or something like that. They had.
Yeah. He didn't want to go out and buy.
Hmm.
Lazy you like laziness, or in a.
I would say, like a non desire to go through the whole hiring process.
It's easier and less research heavy to just stick with the thing he has. He doesn't have time for that.
It seems arduous.
Umhm.
With some heat grossed out by the mattress store to, or didn't like the mattress store like Lane in all the beds.
Yep, germophobia. That was a big part of Brian, and so it's like I can be clean in my home if I don't embark on this journey I completely agree. I would say gymophobia may have been more of an anxiety.
Than a habit. We'll get to anxiety in one second, but it's a good one, Morgan.
Another habit was like he was used to buying mattresses from his uncle, even though they were like terrible.
So like he. He had an allegiance to that. I remember he didn't want to kind of like, go behind his back and like buy from somewhere else, even though he was getting a terrible deal.
With his uncle.
So that's habit.
Also just him being used to his current mattress, even though it's horrible. He's learned to live with it, I mean, he still uses it. He's used it for 2 years. That's the habit.
And it's like, isn't it good enough for me to just not have to change.
Clearly not, but I almost was.
Anxiety, so anxiety. Morgan just gave us a great example, but anxiety is uncertainty. It's exactly what it sounds like.
You're anxious. I just call it fear. It's usually you're afraid of something or something's making you uncertain or uneasy.
So germophobia was great.
Morgan said he didn't want to go into stores because they're gross and like they don't clean it. And he didn't want to lay where other people have laid, so he just wanted to avoid it altogether.
Another anxiety may have been circumventing his wife. I remember a big deal was like his wife needed to give an okay, and if he just went and shopped for one. He was afraid she wouldn't like it. They share the bed, so it's a big deal, for if she likes it too, and he was all worried about.
Including her in the decision.
Another one that I included here is will the new mattress deliver on its promise? So basically, he's been scorned in the past by buying these bad mattresses from his uncle, so will the new mattress help me? What if it doesn't? What if I'm paying all this money? And it's not worth it.
And what if I hate it? Can I return it so like? There were a lot of uncertainties there.
Liliana was. I think it was a while ago that I.
It's like a couple of weeks back when I listened to it last, but I think.
He mentioned as well. He didn't want.
Group.
To deal with. He didn't know what to do with his old mattress when the new one came in. I think he was.
That was kind of causing some anxiety that he had to then think about.
Offloading the other mattress. I think he still kept it.
For a while something right.
That's exactly right. When he got a new one from his uncle. Right? You're saying he kept the.
So like 2 mattresses ago. He kept it under that mattress as like a box.
I'm pretty sure that's what he said, which is like, it's really funny. It's like.
You're so afraid of figuring it out that, like you just ignore the problem.
So yeah, I agree. That was another big one, so like, can I return it also? What do I do with my new mattress? And then, if you got a new one, he would have 3 mattresses.
What am I supposed to do with that? Exactly so, Brian. It was a very anxious guy, and had a lot of anxieties. Every interviewee is different.
I'd say, like he really trended heavily toward anxieties and pushes.
Those were like the main drivers, and then the push and pulls ended up, outweighing the habits and anxieties right? Because he ended up purchasing.
So that was just a little refresher of forces. Back to our principles. So we're gonna review some principles since this is our final lecture, and then we're gonna go through a synthesis activity. And then I'll answer any questions.
So for our principals. Now that you guys have a demand side sales, these things will resonate even more than they did the 1st time we taught you a couple weeks ago.
Which was almost 3 weeks ago, which is crazy.
People buy for their own reasons. The whole reason that we're doing this is because we cannot conjure up.
A reason that people buy people hired Clay, Christensen and Bob Musta. From these.
Massive Enterprise Corporations.
And they wouldn't have had to if they could just sit in their like in their office and understand or deduce why people buy, but you can't, because people are fickle. People are different, and it's really hard to understand when you're not putting yourself in their shoes or talking to them directly.
So it's less about the supply side. People buy a mattress for Xyz feature.
We can't really make that assumption. That would be an unfounded assumption that a lot of people make. And it's a i would say, a giant fault that a lot of companies.
Have their whole downfall.
Waited on, rather.
That we have the demand side where people buy a mattress because they need better sleep.
Or people buy. Xyz. Because of this situation.
So less about this, less about any specific feature or reason they buy, and more about this.
And the principle being they buy for their own reasons. It's nothing that from the supply side we can think of from our laptops, from our office. We can make this great feature, and think that sales go up because.
As a bit. But there's really a lot of background that we're not getting when we don't delve into the customer struggle.
Principal number 2. Nothing is random.
Everything is cost.
So for the supply side.
If you're looking at a clipboard of a graph of all of your purchasers and every purchase, every purchaser is just a little dot.
It's gonna seem quite random for why people are making the decisions they're making. If it's persona focused. If you're just looking at demographics, if you're just looking at these charts of what people are buying and who they are, you're missing a lot of context.
So the buyer situation and their worldview needs to be considered. So it's a lot less about persona which we've talked about a lot more about their situation and their worldview.
Which can supersede any sort of persona.
I can have a lot more in common with.
My neighbor, who is an 80 year old man.
Who has a job that's completely different than mine, and grew up in a completely different place.
We can have a lot more in common by having the same situation than any person that you could pull out of a hat that matches my own demographics. So it's really important that we understand that.
That's why a lot of people talk things up to randomness.
When they're doing research on their customers.
Principle. 3 is the struggling moment creates the demand.
So you cannot manufacture demand. That's my favorite way to say it. There's no way to manufacture demand.
A lot of people think all the bells and whistles can manufacture demand. I'm gonna have this product and this feature. And we've done these user interviews. So this feature is the one that people.
Say hypothetically, they would buy if I add no.
There's no way to manufacture demand, because it is a natural.
Effect of a situation happening in someone's life, people will naturally have needs. So all we have to do as entrepreneurs is find that energy.
And then solve the problem where the energy already exists. We can't really manufacture it, or else we're just selling vitamins. We can convince people that oh, this might better your life a little bit. But.
We're not going to have the demand there. We might convince a couple of people. But you guys aren't going to become 1 billion dollar businesses that way. So this is a huge principle for you guys.
Rather than trying to manufacture demand. The buyer's job creates the demand for you. It's not your job as an entrepreneur, as a business owner to manufacture that demand. The demand exists in the world, and you're just there trying to find it.
That is the world view that we should have as entrepreneurs.
Okay. So just remember why people buy. That's the whole.
Summary of these principles to make progress in their lives which we've talked about. Remember the bridge.
We have a person on the other side of the cliff. There's lightning light bulb where they want to get to.
And they just want to cross, and we're just here to build the bridge for them to help them get where they want to go.
So we just have to find people who are at the cliff who don't have a bridge. That's the whole point.
Cool. So now with that to review, let's practice how to synthesize.
We are going to all be a part of a company like I said last week.
Where 30 people working on one company. And I'm calling it mattress. So you've heard of tech stars. Now we work for mattress. We are a mattress company, very similar to the company that hired Bob to do the mattress interview.
For interviewee one. This is Brian.
I have come up with the following jobs to be done, statement, or we, as a company have when my wife calls me out for being cranky. After not sleeping well for 5 years.
I want to stop tolerating my inadequate mattress and poor sleep.
So I can give my kids more attention and ease my wife's frustration.
Is anyone. Is everyone in the company here in agreement that this is.
A good job. Sudan statement that represents Brian's interview.
Does anyone want to add anything?
I like that. I want to stop tolerating versus, you know. I want to.
Sleep. Well, it's like it's creating contrast in this sentence, and the way it's framed.
It's kind of like highlighting the problem even more. And it's very interesting.
Yeah, and I think it could go the other way, too. Right? I want to have an adequate mattress and better sleep.
I would even just say, I I want to have better sleep right? Cause it's doesn't even specifically want the mattress. That's what we're.
Yeah, so is adding the mattress in making it too much of like a product push like.
I was just kind of thinking that, Morgan. I'm glad that you said that. Yeah, I agree.
So these are up for debate. So like, I actually do think that would take out my inadequate mattress. And I would just say, I want to stop tolerating poor sleep, or rather, I want good sleep, cause that's what Brian's buying. He's not. He's not buying a new mattress.
Agreed. So that's.
Those are some refinements that I would make but overall. This is Brian's statement that we're gonna go with.
So.
I'm gonna repeat that process for each interviewee. So for this round of our mattress job speed on cycle, I believe we do 7 interviews.
We'll see if that's the correct number. But we do about 7 interviews. Obviously we should do more than that. But that's how many that we're gonna do for this exercise.
We created the following screening over the past few weeks.
We were looking for working fathers who travel more than 8 weeks out of the year, and have bought a mattress in the last 90 days.
So they have to have children.
At home, and they have to travel more than 8 weeks out of the year, and they bought a mattress for their homes in the last 90 days.
I think we could even add in some more things here to make it more specific for what we're looking for.
But our learning objective here is really we're trying to make a new line of mattresses that are targeted toward people who work a lot.
And we cause we noticed a lot of people were buying from that kind of situation. And we wanna understand what what they're buying for so that we can make product and marketing changes to this segment kind of like the milkshakes. We notice a lot of people are buying milkshakes. We want to know why, so we can serve that segment. Same thing here.
So we came up with a bunch of job statements for each interviewee. So we did end up finding 7.
I'm going to go through each of them. I didn't build a slide build here. So just bear with me all this text. But we're just gonna go through one at a time.
So interview number 2.
We did the interview, and our team came up with the following jobs to be done.
When I get home after long travel, and my home is being renovated. I want a quick way to purchase a mattress for my new bedroom without having to go pick it up or try it out, so I can spend the most time with my family as possible.
So this person sounds like they have a really busy life.
It sounds like it was a time and convenience purchase. They just want the mattress to come to their house as quickly as possible. They're hectic at home. They're hectic at work, their homes being renovated. They just want to spend time with their family before they have to leave on their next work trip.
Interviewee, number 3.
When I have limited time with my family, I want my kids to be the least crankiest possible by getting great sleep.
So I can enjoy time with my wife instead of fighting.
So already. Does anyone notice contrast between 3 and 2.
Yeah. 3 just doesn't even mention the mattress at all. It's just what he wants, what his life and.
What's not being.
Yeah, so much more about emotional and social.
I agree with that. Any other differences here.
I would say it's less focused in terms of picking up the mattress and getting the actual mattress, but rather about that.
The outcome, which is the quality, sleep.
And time.
Yeah. So this one's a lot more outcome focus. It's it's a lot less about the process of buying mattress kind of like, Brian really cared about the process. This one is, I just want the outcome, which is interesting cause.
The competition for interview a 3 is gonna be very different than the competitions for one and 2, 1 and 2 are very much about how we buy the mattress. So competition for Brian, as we heard, was like online mattress stores. Costco all of those different things. Interview E. 3 might be competing with Melatonin.
Or chamomile. T. Was so interesting. Right? And I would say, another main difference is, that interview is not buying the mattress for themselves.
Which is very interesting, so.
If if this were our true round of job done, and we got to interview 3, we would have to make the decision.
To either continue with our vague screening here.
Or specify that they need to have bought the mattress for themselves and or their partner.
Because it does make it kind of different, like, it's going to be harder to draw patterns when it's we are making it different like this. Maybe we don't care. It depends on our learning objective. So for this exercise, our company decided we don't care if they bought it for themselves or not. But this is something I tried to teach you guys where it's like, if you do see, like a very far differing pattern.
Maybe you need to cut your screening down even further, so that everyone had the exact same scenario.
So we decided to leave it, and you'll see this is a mix of people buying it for themselves or for some other room in their house, and we draw conclusions for that, anyways. But I do wanna point out like, you guys might see that in your interviews where it's like, oh, they actually have a completely different situation, and it's not as relevant. Let me narrow my screen and criteria to people who only bought it for themselves.
Does that make sense.
It depends on what objective you're trying to get to, but sometimes it is better to.
For pattern drawing to make it much more congruent together. So you can see those very nuanced differences.
Dave.
So is is, can you make it too narrow? So is there a concern that all of the answers could be too much the same? Or is that only good.
I think too narrow, would only be like you. Try for months, and you can't find anyone outside of this one person. Remember, Neil called those like exceptions.
So like, sometimes people make their screening criteria around. This one experience they had with this one customer. But it was really an exception. They're never gonna find a customer like that again, like someone banging down their door trying to.
Buy their product. For example, we can't really make that the screening, because that was probably a once a year kind of thing.
Other than that, I would say, it's not really too narrow. It just depends on what your objective is. So our objective here is, we just want to sell to the people who work a lot who are buying mattresses. And our company actually doesn't really care if they're buying it for themselves or someone else kind of like with the milkshakes. We didn't ask if they were buying it for themselves.
Or someone. Later, we just or someone in their passenger seat, that their carpooling to work for.
He didn't talk about any of that, because it just mattered why they were buying it.
So that I guess the answer is, no, Dave, I don't think you can go too narrow.
And you can always expand outward.
Kevin.
Sorry just to clarify here, so it should be narrow enough where our ideal candidate.
You're on mute, Kevin.
The same emotional need or sentiment with other candidates, but not so narrow where you only have that one sentiment across like 1020 interviews. Is that is that right?
Gotcha.
No, it's totally fine to have that one sentiment across 10 to 20 you would just end up getting one cluster, and you would have like a very strong understanding of that one cluster. It just depends on your learning objective. So I'm throwing this out here as something that you guys could choose to do. If you face the same like.
Difference in your interviews. We, as master stars are, gonna choose to continue on. And we actually aren't going to shave down our screening. We just are. Gonna continue the round and do the synthesis, and you'll see that we're able to still draw conclusions. But depending on your learning objective, it might be really important cause. Maybe we wanna really dig into why, they would buy it for themselves.
And those can that can have like product implications versus having this like much wider variety.
Cause. Think about it with this wider variety, where they're buying for different people. We're not actually gonna get the insights on like. Why, the man himself would want.
Like certain features on the mattress or anything like that. We're just gonna get to know, like why they would buy it. So a lot like Will was saying, we're gonna get a lot more of why, the process is alluring a lot of how the situation.
Came to be, and what convenience allowed them to buy it.
What things happened on their work trip to allow them to buy it. We're not gonna get to know as much about like their sleep, because some of these are buying it for people that aren't the interviewee.
Does that make sense.
Yeah. So I'm just pointing out things that you guys might face as you're going through.
Yeah, yeah, that is, I appreciate it.
That's just something that you might want to do. You might wanna go back if you're noticing that.
Interviewees are kind of like differing, and if they differ too far, and you feel like you're not going to get the insights that you're looking for for your specific learning objective. I recommend going back.
And refining this.
So interview 3 a little bit different.
Also super valuable, though we got a lot of social and emotional motivations.
Let's do. Interview 4.
When I have a demanding job.
I want to minimize the amount of headaches I get from lack of sleep.
So I can enjoy my weekends.
And do the activities I like to do.
Okay, so we're noticing some different things here. This person is a lot more worried about their recuperation post trip.
Still about making sure that they can make the most of the time. If you notice the difference between 4 and one. Still, about time. One is a lot more about.
Being with the family. One's a lot more about enjoying the weekend, enjoying their activities. So a little bit of differing there. But I would say, pretty similar to interview.
Interview E. 5. When I have a restless partner, I wanna mattress with motion, I isolation, so I can sleep through the night uninterrupted, and mitigate my annoyance with her. My partner, I would say, there's a problem with Number 5.
I actually think I purposely left this in here so that you guys could figure out the problem.
Does anyone see a problem with.
How someone from our team, me.
Wrote this
Job statement.
Yeah, this one has to do more with a feature.
Yes, this is wrong I fell into. I want to trap.
So whenever I did the interview.
Yeah.
Weeks ago I was not thinking about what the customer wants. What what are they buying? I was just thinking what I'm selling.
Or what the person was selling. When they made this purchase.
They don't wanna mattress with motion isolation can you.
Probably think Monica is something not feature.
Based on the context here that they would want.
Yeah, they just want
Restful sleep.
Yeah, I I want a good night's sleep.
So that I can be interrupted and mitigate annoyance with her.
So basically, I might be, I want my partner to be able to sleep. That's probably what they want, so that they themselves can sleep through the night, and they cannot be annoyed with their partner because they can't help the fact that they're restless. So they wanna mitigate their annoyance with the partner.
Okay.
Yeah, Liliana, we we can't emphasize enough.
How often this happens.
And it will happen with one of you.
In your room when you're doing your synthesis, you're going to say.
Maybe.
Oh, what they want is, and then you're gonna identify a feature of your app. It's such a common thing, because I I think most founders do it, and they don't know any better, and.
We're not critiquing it, but we're just calling it out like.
This is, it's almost like missing the point like you lost a plot. If you're dropping in a feature of your of your app at that mid part.
I agree.
Sorry Fabio.
Oh, yeah. And I was just about to say that maybe this can still work if we just move the last part of the sentence in the I want so like.
I want an uninterrupted like sleep.
And mitigate my annoyance with my wife.
So I can sleep and like, and take away the.
The feature at all.
And.
Yeah, or I want to sleep through the night uninterrupted, so that I can mitigate my annoyance with her, because mitigating the annoyance seems to be the outcome that he's trying to trend towards.
You know.
Yeah, agreed. So these are all mistakes you guys are gonna make like not having narrow enough screening. I want issues. So I remember leaving these things in so we could talk about it together. You guys are gonna go through the exact same processes and hit this exact same problem. So make sure that you.
Yeah, I'll I'll get there in one second. Let's do 6.
When I have a child leave for college.
George called out, number 7 as well same deal.
I want to utilize their bedroom as a guest room and update their old nineties mattress, so I can provide the best quality, rest.
To my guests.
Very interesting. This one is also not buying for themselves. This one is a very specific situation. And it's very interesting that this situation fell into our screening, because it kind of seems like they're in a completely different situation than the rest. But this person happens to follow fall into working fathers who travel more than 8 weeks out of the year.
I would say. That's probably.
A key to knowing your screening criteria was probably too vague.
Cause. This is completely separate than the other things that we've been seeing. It has nothing to do with the fact that they work or travel so I would say.
That's probably a big, red, flashing light that you need to narrow your screening. You guys might find similar things like, Oh, this person actually was in a completely different.
Scenario, even though they fit my screening. So just keep that in mind. You might want to narrow it if that happens, and then 7. I think, George was saying problem. With that I want. I want a specialized anti-snoring mattress. I agree. This is the same problem. So when my wife is bothered by my snoring, and becomes irritable with me. I want.
Something that's not the featured mattress, so I can help my wife sleep more peacefully. It's probably I want to stop snoring in the night if I had to guess. He doesn't care how it is. This is very important, because.
I want you guys to understand the job statement should be able to apply to each of the competitors that they would use. So remember from the milkshake. The job statement was, I want something that I can eat.
With one hand that I can quickly get on the way to work, and that lasts me. The whole drive.
That was, those were the only things that the person wanted. So what can fall into that? The milkshake they're buying also what they said. Banana donuts.
A bunch of stuff like that.
For this. When my wife is bothered by my story and becomes irritable with me, I want to stop snoring so I can help my wife sleep more peacefully. What is something that's not a specialized anti-snoring mattress that could.
Also
Like help this person or or be described by this job statement. Can anyone think of anything.
C, pop, machine.
I mean.
Yeah. Seep, that's why I was thinking anyone else.
Yeah.
I mean, there are. These small pad thing is that you stick so that you know they elevate your nose, nostrils.
Helps you sleep better, I guess.
Collect those mouth cards.
Yeah, that's what came to mind immediately for me, like the breath open nostril strips. That's another one, a humidifier like there are a lot of things that could fall into this. So do you see the pitfall of putting? I want a specialized anti storing mattress, even if the person says like. So I started looking for these online, that's not actually what they want. Th, their desire is to stop snoring.
Their desire is to not annoy their wife.
So it's really important that you don't insert.
A product in here cause. Then you're gonna take away all of the other insights you could get from the other competitors that they also might be have been considering, based on this job statement. So I'm glad we were able to dissect so overall.
There are some changes that could be made, but these are good enough for us to do our synthesis. So let's go with what we have here. Of course we would go back and edit these, based on what our team here at mattress have. Said I do agree with all of your edits. We're gonna go with them for now, for the sake of the presentation. I would like to know if anyone.
Can already see some clusters. So we're gonna start pairing them together. We're gonna put like 2 to 3 into each cluster. Does anyone want to take a stab at which ones you would group together.
It's definitely one around the like.
As I just said in the chat, one of my wife, to be happy with me like me.
Hmm, so.
Sort of that's like the core.
What number?
Driver right 7 and 5 would be, and then what other others but.
We're just putting 2 or 3 together. That's totally fine.
3, okay.
Yeah, so like 7 and 5. Anyone else.
2, and Felix, Noah.
2 and 3. What is the similarity here.
Well, they're both focused on the family aspect of things.
So they're both focused on the like. I guess maybe the 7 is also, you know.
Talking about the wife, but you know, from what I'm like, if I'm looking at these, and then looking at the.
4th one that is solely concentrated about the person themselves, like these people are buying stuff for other people's sakes.
Rather than their own comfort.
And then in that sense it the 7, and also 6 also falls into also 5 as well, falls into the same cluster.
Oh!
Hmm! It's very fun having. Yeah. Go ahead, George. You go first.st
Oh, sorry, sorry, Liliana. Sorry I was. Gonna say, like, I think about this allotment as well with clustering. It's more like a Venn diagram. Actually. So we're looking for the where the sort of.
Idea. Tribes that have overlap.
Minding those overlaps, and this can be like powerful.
Motivates, too.
Yeah, and what's really interesting is what I was. Gonna say, it's really fun having you guys as my co-founders for Matt stars, because you guys are pointing out things that I actually didn't. I didn't pull as.
The clusters I made, which I'll show you in a second. So when you have your team, or maybe you're working with one of our associates. If you're a solo founder when you're gathering these insights.
You guys are gonna disagree. And that's okay. So like, you guys are pointing out similarities that are things I wasn't considering, I actually was thinking a lot more with 2.
Going with Number 6, because the home itself is changing. So to me, that was like a completely different cluster, 2 and 6. But I do agree with, or 2 and 3 could go together, because those are the ones that are the most worried about family spending time with children.
That's completely valid, too. So it's really fun. Cause you guys can kind of argue and debate and try to put things into different categories. And it really just depends on.
Where the most energy is. So I can't do this right now, because I don't have.
The actual interviews to draw from.
But you guys will. So when you're doing it, you might notice a smallerity. But you know from the interview that there was a much larger energy in the interview. For this area.
So maybe interviewee actually doesn't care that much that it's being renovated, and they only care about spending time with the family, in which case. Putting 2 and 3 together is much more valid. So you see how it's much more of an art. We're we're not really teaching you a science. It's much more like you're creating a a PA painting, and there's not really a right or wrong answer. It's just where the most energy is.
Yeah. Fabio.
I. If I had my way, I would. I focus on clusters based on the when. And I want because it. That's how you source your.
Like your candidates or your prospects like you.
Kind of focus on a
On a cluster on a pool of customers that have the same situations.
And intentions and.
Then what they want to achieve.
Can actually be achieved once you sell in the product. So I would put together like.
the interviewees that have having some sort of like.
Troubles, and some hassles.
With sleep, which is like a interview for.
Who has headaches. Interview 5. Who are, you know, like.
Has his wife just moving around and interview 7.
Who is knowing so that you know you could cluster them, because you know they are. They're having trouble sleeping. And so you, I'm thinking, you know, maybe an ad that you can show them about. You know.
Travel. Travel, sleeping, you know. Try our new super, cool mattresses, or something more sophisticated than that.
And then there's another thing I wanted to point out. That really like
Struck me as very interesting is that each of these interviewees
Basically
Can have a different.
Competitor like the product they're buying as a mattress.
But the competitor for each of these interviews is different. We were discussing about the anti snoring.
The the competitor for that is like a Cpap.
Or in in the case of the.
The interview before, who has headaches the competitors.
For that is like a, you know, appeal or something like so it's very interesting to see how the competitor landscape.
Is is different, for every interview.
It's it's not just mattress.
Just.
Ye. I would even say that that's a fault of this round, I would say you. You do want to start seeing where the competitors overlap, and you can start gaining clusters by that like by identifying their competitors they would use or were using or switched from, and that can help you to make clusters, I would say, that is probably a big flaw in this round that I'm presenting to you guys here.
And I probably should have like narrowed the screening to allow for more pattern overlap.
These are actually pretty disparate for what I would want to see from yours.
I think it works for this example I'm gonna give. But I would want you guys to have a lot more overlap a lot more overlap of competitors, a lot more overlap of situations and desires as well as even outcomes. So keep that in mind. This is just an example, and it's not a very strong set of jobs to be done, because I think that they should have had a lot more similarities, and that all comes from having that really general screening criteria. I showed you.
So great to point out. Have you.
Okay. So here is what I came up with. As the clusters.
So I put 2 and 6 together like I just said cause it was a lot more about situation for me. I see that other people were talking about the outcome they wanted, which was focused on family. I think that's also valid. So it just depends on what you hash out with your team and where you land the next one. I put 3 and 4 together, because this one was specifically about time getting time back.
I could have thrown 2 in there as well, but I felt like 2 and 6 were so different that I wanted to pull them out.
And then 5 and 7 I put together because both had to do with their partner, which was very specific, and I felt like I might be able to learn something about how to market, to people who sleep with a partner and have like a sleeping issues that affect one or both of them.
Any.
I mean, I guess going back to.
I I guess I have a question about the screening for this, because.
I know in in when we were presenting our screening some people.
Are comparing it to a very specific competitor. So like, could you narrow this down like, say, like.
You know, mentioning to people who only bought mattresses, not, you know, the cpad machine, or the melatonin, or things like that like? Would that help.
Narrow this down. If you made the screening.
Specifically focused on that.
Other mattresses. Were your competitor.
Yeah, so we do have the screening listed as like bought a mattress in the last 90 days.
Hmm.
But what I'm talking about for competitors is what they switch from.
Or what they were also considering.
Oh, okay.
So, even even though all these people made a mattress.
They may have been considering, or.
Or we're currently using something different.
Okay.
And for that difference, like what you'll see is if you can get it narrow enough.
For all like for the screening. A lot of people will have switched from a similar thing, or will have tried a similar thing like for air pods. Whenever Neil and I interview people.
In university they usually have switched from like.
The bows like in ear ones like there are a few that, like everyone, tries right before biting the bullet and just paying the full amount for air pods that we noticed, and that like, basically, you'll get to the point where each cluster is switching from a similar thing, or has tried similar things, and it didn't work so like maybe we would get to the point if we narrowed it down. And we really wanted to get a bunch of people like Interview 7. We might get to a point where.
Every single person has tried a cpat machine, but the wife doesn't like it because it's so loud, or something like that. So they want a mattress or a silent
Competitor to try, and that's why they buy a mattress something like that.
Okay.
Now keep in mind. I made this up. So there are a lot of flaws in this, because I didn't actually like is an actual company. So.
Yeah.
I can't like, I said. I can't manufacture demand. You guys will have a lot more truth in yours, and that's why we're seeing so many flaws here so like this is just an exercise. I wish that I could come up with like people's true desires, but.
I can't.
No, this is, this is great. And so would you say, then, that the screening that was very specific.
Saying like.
To a specific competitor is better, better to do than.
Broad? Or do you kind of start out broad when you're learning with your screening, and then get more specific as you learn about your competition.
Yeah.
So a quick like change in wording that you're saying you wouldn't add a competitor to the screening.
Hmm.
Having the similar competitors is a byproduct of making your criterion more narrow. So you would. You would start to see that those people have similar experiences. So what I was suggesting is like, we pick any one of these that we would want to go into. So we start seeing that 2, 3, and 4 are a little bit different, so we can either go with people who are like having.
Like sick or illness issues and not sleeping like 4. We can go with 3, which is buying a mattress for someone that's not yourself. 2. You can.
You can talk about having like a home change. Or maybe we just want more people like Brian, who bought it for themselves because they couldn't sleep.
Okay.
And so it's like we would make our screening more narrow, and as a result you would start seeing.
These interviewee job suite on statements like.
Coales and have similar experiences and have similar competitors that they're switching from like, you're not gonna put the competitors in this. It would just be a byproduct.
Okay. Alright. Great. Thank you.
But your question about starting narrow, and then, like being even more narrow, you want to start pretty narrow like this is already pretty narrow, and then it's up to you if you want to make it even more narrow, which I do recommend. If you're seeing things as disparate as what I have here a lot of people do, and when you don't change you, you're gonna come back to us and say, I didn't get very valuable insights. And that's because you're not able to draw strong patterns.
Like this is probably the upper limit of how disparate you would want it to be to still get strong, because we are going to get clusters from this, but I would say I would want it to be a lot more.
Like coalesced and have like a lot higher pattern overlap. When you guys are doing your clustering.
Yeah, thank you for asking that, Annie.
Does that make sense.
So these are the groups I came up with.
There are no wrong answers. So like you guys could come up with completely separate.
Clusters for these, and even as an exercise it would be cool to go and try and cluster different ones and see what.
Insights and like analyses you can grasp from that. So if, like, for example, or you wanted to go back and actually put 2 and 3 together. What would that mean for that cluster and like? What implications can you pull from that? So you can do that as an exercise.
Where you have a question.
Yeah, like, let's say that, you know at the end we are left with these, you know, 7 interviews that we've conducted and like.
These are the end results. We get.
Does it make sense for us as a company, to find the common trend between all of these 7 interviews, and then decide on.
Maybe. Well, these interviews are.
All concerned about.
Family matters. Let's say so. We should.
Direct ourselves like? Is it.
Important the amount of commonalities between these things. Do those commonalities signal a proper way to market our product.
Or should we just.
Narrow down into one of these colors of stars, like.
The green stars and then develop something for those green ones.
Yeah, you're asking, should we find similarities between all of them? I would say, because we do cluster from the round like it's very rare to just have one.
Job statement for like all 10, because you guys are gonna do 10 to 15 in around, you're you're usually not just gonna find one. You're gonna find a couple of different clusters within your jobs round. I don't know if, Neil, how often do you see all of them having a strong enough tie together that you would just get one cluster.
Out of all 10 to 15.
I don't know if I've seen that happen. I think it's primarily
There's there's 1 that you want to target as the primary, and there's a few that you're keeping in mind, or that you may want to actively decide not to focus on.
Or to even not even designed for anymore.
That's usually what happens.
Cool. So let's talk about what the implications are. So you guys are gonna have much stronger
Like clusters here. But we're gonna go with these so that you guys can see what the next step is.
So 1st is cluster one. So I'm putting interviewees 1, 3, and 4. So one is Brian.
This one, and then 3 and 4 are here with the green stars. So that's gonna be cluster one. And here's how I drew a conclusion for cluster one.
When I am having emotional struggles within my children, due to lack of sleep, I want to increase by purchasing a new.
Comfortable mattress, so I can improve the quality of my limited time at home with my family.
This is.
Something I drew you could also draw completely different insights from overlapping those. So it's really where the most energy was in your interview.
Cluster. 2. Interview E. 5 and 7. So this is the blue stars. This is the one where they both have issues with their partner.
When my partner and I disrupt each other's sleep at night, due to certain medical conditions, and it causes tension in our marriage. I want to update our mattress to one with features specifically designed to address the issue. So I can improve our sleep quality and in turn our relationship.
So if you remember, 5 and 7 were the ones that have the I want as a product focus. And so naturally, the summarized jobs statement here also has it. So I would probably update this.
To ex put the. I want to be much more in line with the kinds of things we discussed that we would change it to. So I want to stop interrupting our sleep at night. I want to sleep better. I want me and my partner to both sleep better, so that our relationship can be improved. That's probably what I would change here.
Cluster, 3.
Interviewees 2 and 6. So these are the yellow stars, and these are the ones that I saw have like home changes. So it's not just like the status quo. Something is specifically changing with their home that caused them to buy the mattress. I felt like it was important to take those out, even though they still had like familial issues or things that could be linked with other interviews, because I felt like it was so different that they weren't just living their normal life and trying to improve their.
Family. They had a specific circumstance or impetus, so I felt like pulling those out would maintain the integrity of the other 2 clusters, and if I were running this company and doing things, I actually would probably throw out Cluster 3, because it's so different from what I'm trying to learn. I'm trying to just learn.
Why working fathers by their mattresses to kind of improve their everyday life? It's not. I'm not really interested in them having a particular life circumstance like their house changing. So I would. If this were my company, and we were actually going to make implications. I would probably ignore Cluster 3. And I pulled this out purposefully.
Other people have mentioned that they would throw in interview.
With Interview 3, which I think is equally as valid. So it's up to you guys.
Cluster 3. When I'm updating my home and change one of the bedrooms, I want a quick and easy way to obtain a comfortable mattress that fits the new requirements of the space.
So I can easily begin utilizing the new room as quickly as possible.
So that was 2 and 6. 1 of them. They had a new guest room because their child left, and the other one they are renovating their house, so they needed a new mattress.
So this is what I want you guys to do. You're gonna take your interviews. You're gonna line them up. You're gonna have a job statement for each one. You guys are gonna discuss together whiteboard it. However, you'd like find clusters, find similarities and then make sure that those are the similarities that have the most energy. Then you're gonna make a summarized jobs to be done. Statement. Making sure not to fall into this, I want to trap.
And for each cluster you will have this refined, summarized Jtb. Statement that represents each cluster.
As you can see, this is very similar. To what base camp did. They had their clusters.
And they wrote job statements for each, and then they just extracted a title for each cluster, based on a quote from one of the interviewees.
I'll pause here for questions. Because we're gonna go into what to do after this. In a second.
Are there any questions here? Yeah, go ahead.
I think my question was more to do with biases that we would fall into as because there's a subjectivity in assigning the clustering as we just talked about, and everybody can come up with different kind of clustering patterns that they want to.
So I mean how? And given the fact that okay, if your team is from the same background, there is also bias which comes as a consequence of thinking in the same way. So how do you address biases that come.
That way. I mean, I mean almost setting yourself up in the direction that you want to build. Almost so.
Yeah, like mitigating confirmation bias. I really like that question.
I don't know if, Neil, you have any advice like, how do you mitigate confirmation bias, since the clustering is so subjective like, how do you not just find the clusters where you want them to be already.
Yeah, if so, the thing that happens a lot when I'm when I'm doing.
Synthesis. Analysis with people.
And that the the bias creep starts to come in.
I just asked the question, well, what did they say?
So you'll start to debate and have this your own interpretation of things, and then you go back to grounding whatever analysis you're doing. To what words were actually said by the person, and that usually forces you to focus on the truth. Again.
So if you ever find yourself drifting away from what you think is.
Be more unbiased processing of the information.
Just go back to the words, cause. Then I'll look at your each of your websites when you've updated your copy, or whatever place your marketing or communicating about your business, and I'll read the words, and then I'll ask you, okay, where'd you get that from?
And usually there's there's a tension there between what was said versus what you're interpreting.
Yeah, I had a question about that, because it was really interesting in our 1st
Job to be done interview like after we finish the interview. It was like.
Me, and Duncan heard very different things in our
Like when I did our debrief. And so we were glad we recorded it, because we're actually gonna like, go back and like.
Exactly.
Like, see what they said. Cause, yeah, I think we were.
Thinking different things, going into the interview. So.
So then, basically, yeah. So then you just go back and say, Okay, well, I think they said this. I think they said this. And then you just go back. And you basically like.
Find a quote that.
Proves what you, what you think.
Okay.
Yep, and and sometimes you gotta break a tie. Sometimes you gotta call them back.
And go. Hey, we're we're having a bit of a disagreement over here.
Interesting.
We, we, we want to make sense of what we, we, I think this, they think that.
Okay. Great.
No Neil, and I have a term called happy ears. That's like.
Can you help us understand what we actually heard? And and you know what the deal is, so call them back.
You'll hear what you want to hear, and it's very much the confirmation bias that Nirat was asking about and that might have been what happened with you guys, Annie, Annie, and Duncan, where it's like you both went in with happy ears. They said something similar to like what you wanted to be true.
Either of you, in whichever way that you were thinking. And then afterward, you're like, well, this what they said.
So you have to make sure not to have ears and to really go in listening. But that's why we record. So you have a source of truth.
You have a single source of truth, you can go back and look and see what they actually said. Listen to their tone. Listen where the energy was too.
Because you can spin words if you're just reading a transcript. That's why it's important to have the recording. It's like they might have mentioned something offhandedly. But another thing was like, very clearly, there was a lot of emotion in what they said. So that is, gonna outweigh this thing off that they offhandedly said, even if you're much more interested in going down that path.
It's not actually the truth of what happened.
And then, yeah, I would also say the, for when you're clustering, you basically just want to try your very hardest.
To be unbiased. And when you guys are clustering like when we helped Jake do his, and when we've helped other people do theirs, it's a lot more obvious than this exercise and putting forth in front of you right now, like there are very clear patterns that emerge that might even already be emerging. If you've done 2 or 3 so far. These are quite disparate. So it's really easy to see how like subjective you could make it here, because there's a wide.
Range of how we could cluster these 7.
For you guys. If you do, it'll be like screaming at you like, oh, these people had this like burning problem. And these people had a completely different burning problem, even though they all started from the same screening.
Top core situation. They had a very different desires and underlying motivations, and it's very clear.
So hopefully. That will happen to you guys as well. It won't be as up to chance.
You know, it'll be really hard to insert your bias when it's like that clear.
But those were great questions.
Any other questions about this part.
Or do you guys feel good about.
Just.
Getting your team up to this part.
In the next couple of weeks. Yeah, will.
And so, yeah, just a quick one for me. I I guess.
What happens in the event.
Well, I, yeah, sorry.
We've got all this awesome data.
And then we we think actually, there could be.
Another
Data segment that we should be testing. So, for example, with 3.
When I look at this the 1st thing that comes to mind is.
People who are purchasing a new home.
Business for themselves or for maybe an investment property.
And they need to furnish it, or they wanna perhaps.
Not only updates of the bedroom, but they actually want to give the thing a facelift.
Do we.
Would we then want to dive in and unpack that a little bit more, or do we.
Kinda just keep with the.
The group that we've got already.
So there's no like. Would you want to? Because it depends on what you want for your business? What your learning objective is, if that's valuable to you. But I'll tell you what you can do.
So you can either do. What if you guys remember the musician entrepreneur? That is our alumni that came for the alumni panel.
What he saw was he had these outliers in his job where the it wasn't even the musicians that were booking stuff. They were just outsourcing to their managers, and he saw, like 2 of those, and he just completely changed his screening criteria in the middle of the job, round and like restarted.
Targeting the managers because he had those 2 outliers.
That gave him a lot of success. But if he was building something, and he wanted to know why all of the musicians are buying or not buying, and it wasn't as valuable to him to find who was actually making the purchase. Then he would have just tabled that. So the second option is to do what I did here, where you take the cluster, set it aside, realize that's not really helpful for the learning objective. We're we're trying to go after right now, but go after it later.
So it would be like if Mcdonald's was doing it with clay and clay. There were also people who bought milkshakes on the way to school for their kids, and like there was like a big reason why people were doing that.
That that's kind of completely separate from the commuter thing.
Not actually what they want to go after at this time. Table it and come back to it in another round, because you did find some energy, but it's a distraction from like the insights you're gaining right here. So they're like 2 different ways. You could go full after it. When you see this complete, disparate track like Mircha did, and just find a whole new.
Treasure trove, or you can just table it and come back completely. The last thing you want to do is like, keep it all together because it'll all be muddled. You want things to be as similar as possible for these analyses.
But I don't know what you should do. It's up to your business and your learning objective.
Alright, thank you. That's helpful.
Yeah, or you focus on the parts of this that aren't different. Like some of these people in your class were saying, well, like Interviewee 2 doesn't have to be thrown out because they had some similarities to others. So maybe you just ignore the circumstance they were under, but they still had very similar desires and outcomes.
That they were trying to get towards.
So it's up to you guys, it's there are a lot of different options you can go through and we're here to help. So you can box us with questions like that. I love talking about this kind of clustering and synthesis.
Or you had a question.
Well, I was thinking about, you know, if we have these 3, the same criterias.
Do we? I mean, I might speak, overshooting the amount of things that we have to do here, but, like.
Should we? Then, after seeing these 3 different motivations of, you know, going for the product, should we.
Try developing a product that satisfies all of these.
Different motivations, or should we.
You're muted.
Tunnel down on one.
I got you? That is a great question. I love that question, or so the question is like, you have these 3. What do you do next like? What are the where? Which do you go after, or do you go after all? 3.
And our answer is, you pick one.
And you pick the one that has the most energy.
Or I actually have 3 ways to pick.
The most energy, the most feasible. So if you could quickly tailor to an audience so that you could move to the next so low hanging fruit.
Or the one that your team is the most passionate about solving.
So those are the 3 that I usually say.
So feasibility. So like it's gonna make you a ton of money. You know that this is like a burning problem. Or you guys are the most passionate about solving. Maybe it's because you personally feel this segment. That's what's gonna propel you to keep going even when it's hard. So those are the 3 ways, and I would say you pick one.
And then, when you do that, you would go back to the next one and go back to the next one, or you decide that you're gonna excise one and like you're not gonna cover that one ever. But you only do one at a time.
And that's how you would prioritize it.
Great question. So now that we have our clusters, you guys are, gonna get to this point, too. So you're gonna have a job statement for 2 to 4 clusters.
What's gonna happen next? Well.
You're going to back it up with evidence.
So that's the process. 1st of all, like I said, you're gonna do implications and prototyping afterwards. So that's like you take these like, or was just asking about. And you make changes to your product, your marketing. As a result, what you're gonna do for us to present is you're gonna back it up with evidence. So you have each of those clusters.
And for each cluster you're gonna present the 4 forces summary, very, very brief. Summary, I would just say, like a highlight.
Of like a major force for each of those.
A highlight of a major motivation for each of the functional, emotional, and social.
A highlight of the competitors or existing alternatives for that specific cluster. So what is this group currently doing to solve the struggle.
Before they make the switch.
What were they? What are alternatives they considered, or like, pit the solution against, etc. So, Andy, they all probably did buy the same thing. But what were they?
Considering or using before.
And if you were doing a firing, what are they? What are they switching toward? Because they all fired the same thing. But what did they adopt afterward?
And then quotes quotes are so important, cause you need to back it up and ground it. And what the customers actually said. So pick 2 to 3 like little snippets of a quote for each cluster to illustrate the point that you're making about the cluster. And then finally, I'd love for you guys to let us know which cluster you're going after first.st It'll be the 1st question, Neil, and I ask you.
And I want you guys to tell us, okay, we're going after Cluster 2, because it's either the most feasible. We're the most passionate about it, or it's where the most energy lies. And here are some things we're already thinking about. You don't have to have it fully thought out. But like, what are you starting to think about for ways you want to go after that cluster.
And and market toward it, and change your product toward it, and use these insights for that.
So that's what we're looking for. And that's really the whole thing.
So I'll end here.
And we'll just take questions. I think we ended quite early. Oh, yeah, we have 30min.
Yeah, quick. Question. I think just on.
From the beginning of process to what you just presented right now.
So you have your screening. And once you actually define that, you agree that this is a screen share, you want to go with.
Do interviews. And then from those interviews you identify different clusters from your screen criteria.
And then you narrow.
Zoom in on the one class that I use specifically is that kind of a summary of.
Processor.
Yeah. And when you say zoom in on one cluster, we mean not for more interviews. We mean for implications. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
The changes
Or like your product building, marketing, business.
Exactly. Yep, that's exactly right. You just gave a nice little 5 second summary of the last 90min. That was perfect.
Alright!
So I was gonna ask as well the the comment I made in the chat there. So.
Highlighting those other verticals. You've identified jobs to be done potentially as like future avenues for growth. Could that be like.
A really positive sign to investors to say, like.
We have a roadmap, and we have validated that this is the next. These could be the next.
Expansion, opportunities.
I love that. Yeah. And you can even say, like, we've interviewed these other areas. And we know their struggles. And you know, we're gonna go toward that, or we've captured this cluster successfully.
With the new fundraising round. This is what we hope to cover right? You even know exactly what you're gonna do with the money, which is exactly what we want for you guys, not just raising. But you would have like a clear goal.
For success. Once you get more resources.
Yep.
Yeah, it's like, Andy said, with the beachhead.
Yeah, the the overused word that you'll hear.
Myself and other Vcs use all the time is oh, it's a wedge.
A while ago she mentioned that I'd never heard that.
We'll say it's a wedge wedge.
And I guess to.
When we're thinking about.
Like the type of customers.
So look out for that.
We're going after, like.
And I keep going back to the screening because it, like it clearly determines like what these answers are.
Like, does it matter like, I guess, like, let's say, you, you interview folks that hired a data annotation.
But they were from different sizes. So there were ones that were just complete. Their series a, they're ones that were like.
Mid level, and ones that were really big companies. Kind of going to George's question like, should you go after the ones? Should you interview the folks that.
You think you'll land.
Quicker, or should you interview the full spectrum of like even like.
You know. Let's say I was able to get an interview with somebody at Reddit.
Even if maybe we're not quite ready for Reddit. Are those insights still like helpful for us now.
Oh, okay.
I would say those different sizes of companies should all fall into different screening. That's, I think, way too different.
Hmm.
The best B twob screening specifies the size of company you're going after, because there's situations going to be so vastly different. So when you're asking about which to go after. I think I said this to Monica during her checkpoint.
It depends what you want to learn. So if you want to learn like expansionary, you want to know about the enterprise, and like.
You don't need to spend this time learning about maybe more low-hanging fruit with like startups or medium sized companies do that.
If you want your like, what is your learning objective? Do you want to.
Learn about your like. The smaller companies.
Whatever it is. You don't have to decide right now, Annie, but I would say, like, you're not going to get very valuable insights putting the all of those people together. The different sizes of companies and different stages need to be completely separated for b 2 b. Those would be like a different round you would do down the line.
Okay. So like, if our if what we want to learn is like.
Yeah, like, who basically, who is ready to like.
Sign a contract with us today. Then that would be going for the more low hanging fruit. And you would just want to do a jobs to be done.
With them.
Yeah. And it shouldn't just be like, who's gonna buy from me. It's like.
Sure.
Okay.
Why are these smaller companies making X purchase the purchase that you just said? And I didn't hear a lot.
Right.
Okay.
From that screening that you just said about their situation. So not only did they make that purchase, and they're that size. You need to figure out what situation they need to be in, because not just everyone who's that size who made that purchase. There's something else. So we I want you to think more about that cause it's really key that they were in a similar situation.
So think about that for your screening, but that goes for all B twob. In the room like you should be targeting the same stage and size, or else you're gonna have vastly different.
Results. And you're not gonna be able to draw as many patterns.
Felice, you had a question.
Yeah, I kind of figures it out, maybe. But I still want to like, ask you.
So I'm thinking, like in our case, like, since we're like gamers, and like we know.
Of the like problems. Like, if there's a specific problem in.
That doesn't appear in our cluster in the end.
Should we maybe just continue or like just.
Focus on the jobs to be done. Information that comes from us.
Comes to us.
Help me understand? You're saying, if there's 1 interview that doesn't fit into any of the clusters.
Like in general, if
I'm thinking, like we have something in our mind.
If that doesn't appear in.
Any of the like interviews, or like it doesn't have a.
Mainly. It's not enough information to.
Get in a cluster from a cluster.
So we may be gone or just go with the information we get from. Just and say that, okay, that's not a problem.
Yeah. So basically, Felice is asking if you had a prior assumption and job speed on is not confirming that assumption. Do you have to throw out that assumption.
And I would say it sounds like your assumption was not validated. You can table it and be like, maybe like this set didn't prove that. But that hypothesis could be proven later. But if you had an assumption and your learning objective, Felice was to set out to learn whether that's true or not. And it's coming back with the job stuff saying like, that's not what the customers are saying. You're gonna have to let it go, because.
We want truth here, and that sounds like the assumption was.
Not validated meaning, it was proven to be false.
So great question, and it requires a lot of humility, because a lot of you are coming in here, having, like we talked about in the assumptions workshop, having spent lots of money and time and effort, and your own hours of losing sleep, building something for assumptions that might not have been validated, and you might realize in the next few weeks that it was actually a false assumption. That's okay.
It's okay to just let it go, cause you guys are here now, and you're here to like transform like beautiful butterflies. And you're just when we come something completely different.
So what Felice is asking will probably happen to a lot of you. You just have to have a lot of humility.
Any other questions.
Do you all feel like you're gonna be able to finish your round of jobs? Be done, and then do this with your team. We won't have another session on this. So the next time we talk about this we'll either be a voxer for one off questions, or when you're presenting in week 6.
Cool. Well, I'll end it here. I'm not gonna keep everybody for longer, but I'll stick around for a bonus round if people have specific questions. This was great. You guys have been enjoyed to have this series with, because you guys asked such great questions. I can't wait to see what you come up with, and what comes out of it, and I make really excited for month to where we can take the insights and work on your businesses and and see the gears start turning in the success start happening. Cause? That's where the magic happens.
It's very fun, I know. That's also Neil's favorite part.
So.
You have now been thoroughly trained.
What do you call it? From Star Wars? It's like everyone can use the force now.
Yep. Okay.
Well, I'll let you guys go. We will talk to you.
This afternoon for your presentations.
Alright!